uh-huh that's right he's back again
we got tattoo on the button shadow is
good boy it's about time some ten years
ago when I was 14 15 or so but the
corner stole preparing my flow to become
the illest ROM spitter murder any
Reverend am i claiming to be the only
one who rom snicker never needed no hype
never accepted lo shape or because
Jagger told me what now he's like me
then I was like if everybody's saying
that hey Jyothi I'm a bucket of ice so
of course my metaphors are tight I'm
ahead of my time cuz my time is bright
literally y'all gonna be with the boys
that's lyrically my mission is to seek
and destroy they can't keep me from
doing me even if they paid that's why I
can wear a hearse like Sade play Xena
guess they say what's not for playing
that's why I should chew on it's just
the light switch away I'm not supposed
to be here but I am due to popular come
in into the fire fresh out the frying
pan standing under the spotlight with no
Sun tea no I'm not supposed to be here
but I
due to popular demand into the fire
fresh out the frying pan standing under
the spotlight with no Sun I'm not new
hair spread its nuclear I'm too rare to
have a recording session looking like
new year never lost a step just lean to
the back to tell them boys that their
music is way sagging pants and fitted
capstone me or give wrath but I pad what
you lack and in fact my portfolio was in
tag standing in front of audiences
filled with Claudius's I never said it
was funny I said it was fun to see that
my skills can still make any Rev Run we
are on holy ground she'll can't hold me
down with no pony Sam that you wanna
know why I'm the one to only crown you
should have known me then to know me now
I'm not supposed to be here but due to
popular coming into the fire fresh out
of the frying pan standing under the
spotlight with no Sun 10 I'm not
supposed to be here but I am due to
popular command into the fire fresh out
the frying pan standing under this
like with nose until the next rapper
never gets no rest little bit stressed
is just around the corner he's the best
rapper the rest getting X out like mark
the spot cuz all your shit stops I am
NOT your ever a child that makes you
amateurs like go from savage now bring
out the cameras and quit hackin heart
like penises we show females like Serina
I said I was done even when it gets cold
I stays but in the devil's fire raise
the bar a few levels how you are viewed
remain dominant truck tires I let my
intelligent life transform into my in
challenging rhymes I'm for winning by
your last night you'll soon see when I
blow up like a Lambo I'm not supposed to
be here but I am due to popular demand
into the fire fresh out the frying pan
standing under the spotlight with no
suntan I'm not supposed to be here but I
am
due to popular command into the fire
fresh out the frying pan standing under
spotlight with no Sun